spoken:
Nah. Fuck an intro man, let's just go

I come around like what goes around
What goes up must come down
Anyone who comes up must go down
Might as well go for the gusto now
Better not let up, better not let them breathe
Last shot, give it all you got
Try to turn me down, bitch? Get fucked
With the volume knob. Fuck all you snobs
Hoes, I hope all you rot
Two bottles of Lubriderm and a box
Of condoms, is that all you brought?
And you want a mnage  trois, you twats?
Fuck that, I'd rather turn this club
'To a bar room brawl. Get rowdy as
Roethlisberger in a bathroom stall
Like a leech stuck in a vacuum, ya'll ain't
Nuttin', but a whole lot of suckin' goin' on
In rap. Yeah, but I'm home
Bad to the bone, back in the zone. Let him
Alone, you don't wanna go eggin' him on
It'll never be my chair that you own
Crown so tight that it cuts off
Circulation to the brain: no oxygen
Other words, there's no heir to the throne
When I die so does hip-hop
Hitchcock get her shit bitch ass, Doc got it
Ziplocked in a bag. You fags ain't been able
To fade me since Kid Rock had a high-top
Keep bloggin' while I'm mind bogglin'
'N I zone like I'm in the twilight. Dog, get
Off my bone, this is my mic, doggone
'N I like hoggin' it! Flow so
Wet, I'ma take this beat tobogganin'
I'm waterloggin' it
I'm soggin' it. Pull your verse out
The beat and stomp on it. Suplexin' it
On cement, like I'm on some straight outta
Compton shit. Take this dick and
Chomp on it. I'm so bad I can bitch-
slap a backhanded compliment
Jackass, eat a donkey dick
The game, I just about conquered it
Like Donkey Kong, I'm bonkers bitch
I'm the king of this honky shit. I reign
Supreme in this honky shit. No sense
Screamin' and arguing. Makes no
Difference whether a Benz or Bentley
Or a Beamer's the car you in

You think you ball? Well, I palm it. I throw up bombs when I vomit
Boy, I throw down in the kitchen, might hit your mom with my omelet
But you got egg on your face. Now watch me drop an atomic
I should be strapped to the chest of a kamikaze. Bitch, I'm as bat shit
as Ozzy, it's obvious. You can tell right off the bat
No pun intended, but come any closer, I'll bite off your head
Tryina give me the finger's kinda like givin' a spider the web
I'm just gonna spin it, and try to use it to my advantage
I catch a fly in that bitch. You think you fly? You're just food
I give as much of a flying fuck as that Superman dude
Guess I just do what you can't do, or make you look stupid and bamboozled
Confused as usual. And you can get ripped; she can open a can, too
But you better hope you can handle the heat, or stay the fuck outta hell's kitchen
I came to cock-block, like a square fuckin' male chicken
Yeah. It's Shady, slut, the rest can suck on that big one
'Cause I'm as despicable as Daffy Duck when I'm spittin'

spoken:
Haha, Recovery''''''''''''''''''''
