Hey, you say you won't you can't give me any more love
You say you will you can forgive me but I doubt it
You make me high when I talk on the phone
You know I gotta ring up your number when I know you ain't home
'Cause you gotta hold on me baby like a dog with a bone
Hey hey
Dog with a bone

One more time yeah

Hey you say you won't you can't give me any more love
But you that say you will you can forgive me but I doubt it
You make me high when you talk on the phone
You know I gotta ring up your number when you're never ever home
You gotta hold on me baby, like a dog with a bone, yeah
Dog with a bone

He was telling me

You talk down the phone
Ring up your number when I know you ain't home
You gotta hold on me baby, like a dog with a bone
Yeah
Like a dog with a bone, yeah
Dog with a bone

You say you won't you can't give me any more love
But you say you will you can forgive me but I doubt
You make me high when you talk on the phone
I gotta ring up your number when I know you ain't home


You gotta hold on me baby
Like a dog with a bone

Hold on me baby
I won't let go
Like a dog with a bone
Don't let go
You gotta

Hello fan club. sorry it hasn't got me on it.
Must have ruined it for all of you, but there you go.

Hello, john here. I hope you're having a good time.
And jacky, in return for us doing this musical offering for you,
Is after we've finished she's going to come on and do a strip for you.

Hey, I hope everybody's having a good time (good time good time good time)
I hope everybody's having a having a good time (good time good time good time)

Having a good time, yes, before I heard all this nonsense.
Where's the microphone, which one? hello it's brian here.
Fraid I've lost my voice because I've been bellowing.
God, I wish someone would shut that bloody guitarist up, it's dreadful.
Well actually we'd love to be with you, we're sorry we're not with you but we're too busy
Making silly noises and thinking up new chords like this one and having mid life crises and things.
You see it's all very easy for you but we have a lot of work to do so we're going to play you this song instead.
It does like this.

Dog with a bone''''''''''''''''
