Fighting temptation!

Yo, Beyonce, Free, MC Lyte, y'all ready?
Let's it put it down for the clubs

(Ladies!) (Yeah) We got that beat that makes you jump
(To my fellas!) (Ooh!) I'll got them cars them ladies love
(Party people!) (Yeah!) We gonna party all night
(And let yo soul work!) And let your soul keep on workin' out

I'm the type of chick who be fightin' temptation
Make you wait before we have a relation
Playboy holla at me lata'
Don't you know I'm managed by violator (Yeah!)

(They shootin') I'm exterminator
I look good so hate me, hater
Me and my girls drinkin', where's the waiter?
Cheatin' guys I already played ya

Ladies night, don't saphacate us
If you touch us we gonna altercation
Warn Missy you's impersonator
I got so much ice I even scare Jacob

Beyonce, MC Lyte, and Free
Missy, put it down on the beat

Party people it's good sensation
We gonna show you how to fight temptation

I'm just fighting temptation (Yeah)
Gotta get more control (Control, yeah)
Yet it's very tempting when you ask to take me home (Home)

I know you want my love (Love)
I don't think the time is right (No)
Call when I'm ready, but it won't be tonight

We in the club Free gully, no doubt
See this real deal playa starin' dead in my mouth
He got his crew, but I got mine too
Send a note to my table like "What you gonna do?"

Eye game got him spreadin' me out
In my ear dry tears how he left his spouse
And oh, the nice cars and impressive house
He want to run up in I ain't no regular route (Hoho!)

Me and the girls, we ain't stressin' out
We ain't birds, we ain't headin' south (Noho)!
Them one nighters that's sad and doubt
That little talk on the creep what you said is out

I gets cheddar, to help me do whatever
No beef with Dennis Hedwards but I fight temptation
I'm not sayin' I don't like temptation
I'm just lookin' for the right temptation, you know?

I'm just fighting temptation (Fighting temptation)
Gotta get more control (Control, yeah)
Yet it's very tempting when you ask to take me home (Yeah, yeah)

I know you want my love (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
I don't think the time is right (Ooh!)
Call when I'm ready, but it won't be tonight

Partied like I never partied before
I hit the door, all the dudes hit the floor
Sweet, they messin' with the brown sugar queen
Fightin' Temptation like Layla Ali wit the 1, 2

Let me show you wat the hon' do
When I come through with the butta dip crew
Now show me dat you got my back
Love me from where you at

I got eyes up over my shoulder
If you should decide to get closer (Hoho!)
Well then this dance is straight over
I'm gone and Missy Testaroasa

"Be cool", that what Free say
B say: "Keep it clean but give them lee way"
All I know it's a crazy sensation
You fine but I'm fightin' temptation

I'm just fighting temptation
Gotta get more control (Ooohooo, oho)
Yet it's very tempting when you ask to take me home (Ooohooo)

I know you want my love (My love)
I don't think the time is right (Yeaheah)
Call when I'm ready, but it won't be tonight (Yeaheaheah)

We goin' show you how to fight temptation (My love, yeaheah)

I'm just lookin' for the right temptation (Yeaheaheah)
We goin' show you how to fight temptation

I'm jus' lookin' for the right temptation (Yeah, yeah, yeah)

(W-w-what you gonna do?)
(W-w-what you gonna do?)

(What you gonna do?)''''''''''''''''''
