OKAY, I RELOADED! (The League Crew!)

Yeah
It's (a million)

I freestyle battle niggaz for (a million)
How many niggaz bit the soul, bout (a million)
How many hoes did I bone, bout (a million)
Uh-uh, uh-uh, it's (a million), uh-uh
There's (a million) ways to die, choose one
(A million...)

(Verse One)
Lot of people ask about the money I made, even Just Blaze
How are they for real, is them niggaz really paid?
Rappers I met, or, delt with direct
Is it true he won't send a beat tape until he get a check?
What's the position you hold?
Could you really master Neptunes, check my check, and "H to the Izzo", the only single that went gold?
If Roc-a-fella shit, fold, and you move back to the "Go"
Is it back to Ghost producer for D-dot on the low?
For the million time asking me
Questions like Toni Braxton, harassing me
Like you don't care about my son's feelings?
Can I get a minute, you wack bitch? I ain't gotta jack shit
You heard "Takeover", who running this rap shit?
Uggh, fake tits, shut up and make hits
Can't we all just get along, spread love, like "take six"?
What, you doing beats in LA for Eminem and Dr Dre?
Them niggaz sold ten mil, I'm trying to get paid
We do this shit for entertainment, bring guns to the arraignment
While the judge in the chamber, let one up out the chamber, BLAOW!

How many years did I wait, about (a million)
How many niggaz tryna hate, about (a million)
But when a nigga count his cake, it's like (a million)

(Verse Two)
All for the College Dropout, I make the game different
I don't know what the hell y'all niggaz been sniffing
'Ye still flicking, hoes is my addiction
Five days out the week, you'll find me in the kitchen
Snatching the game, nigga, unlike you
Cause these beats change the game, and the hook's right too
I'm unquick like you
Cats back in the Chi was buying tracks for dirt cheap, man, what could I do?
Knowing I s'posed to style, I'm the fly boy poster child
Bout to beat on Oprah, now
It's ironic and whatnot
How I put no ice on the Bulgari watch, just to make it hot
Now you see me on stages, my hit resumes is
Two pages for them niggaz who played us
Features, raise us, booming like Master Aces
Stand up, number one, and there's more to come
All I got for hoes is hard dick and bubble gum
While y'all brick like Fred, Barney, Rubble and them
Chi-town in this bitch, what's fucking with them?
Not a damn thing, nigga, we doing our damn thing, BLAOW!

(A million)''''''''''''''''
