(Unh, can the headphones go louder?)
(Kanye West!)
(Swag King Cole)
(DJ Khaled!)

(Kanye West)
Can't a young nigga get money anymore?
Tell PETA my mink is draggin' on the floor
Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws
Come to meet me without no drawers?

Dinner with Anna Wintour, racin' wit' Anja Rubik
I told you muthafuckas it was more than the music
In the projects one day to Project Runway
We done heard all that loud ass talkin', we used to it

I'm from where shorties fucked up, double-cupped up
Might even kill somebody and YouTube it
So whoever think they words affect me is too stupid
And if you could do it better than me, then you do it

We flyer than the parakeet, floatin' wit' no parachute
Six thousand dollar pair of shoes, we made it to the Paris news!
Don't talk about style, 'cause I embarrass you
Shut the fuck up when you talk to me 'fore I embarrass you

Can't a young nigga get money anymore?
Tell PETA my mink is draggin' on the floor
Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws
Come to meet me without no drawers?

And the whole industry wanna fuck yo' old chick
Only nigga I got respect for is Wiz
And I'll admit, I fell in love with Kim
'Round the same time she had fell in love wit' him

Well, that's cool, baby girl, do ya thing
Lucky I ain't have Jay drop 'im from the team
La familia, Roc Nation
We in the buildin', but still keep it basement

Flyer than the parakeet, floatin' wit' no parachute
Six thousand dollar pair of shoes, I made it to the Paris news
Don't talk about style, 'cause I embarrass you
Shut the fuck up when you talk to me 'fore I embarrassed you

GOOD Music, we fresh, we fresh
Anything else, we detest, detest
Bitch-ass niggas got ass and breasts
All that said, lemme ask this quest

Can't a young nigga get money anymore?
Tell PETA my mink is draggin' on the floor
Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws
Come to meet me without...

Don't talk to me 'bout style, nigga, I'll muthafuckin' embarrass you
Talkin' 'bout clothes, I'll muthafuckin' embarrass you
Hollin' 'bout some hoes, I'll muthafuckin' embarrass you
Way too cold, I promise you'll need some Theraflu

(Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh) Get the Theraflu
(Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh) Get the Theraflu
(Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh, uh-uh, uh-uh)
(Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh uh) Get the Theraflu''''''''''''''
