One thing bout' music when it hits you feel no pain
Why every song you make just like a left hook to my brain
And niggas try and brag and tell you that they spittin' game just to make themselves feel good about the nothin' that they sayin' you should listen its time to take a look
I'm past the blogs and magazines I'm into writin' books
Like dayum hold the phone this niggas off the hook and I smoke a blunt and cuss so I'm inquisitive as fuck.what? you better bring it
I still take it away and make the best of this
They wreckin this and never turn my mind into a pessimist
In my music there's messages, decipher what the messages shit I'm droppin' excrement's delivered as a testament
But lately they say learnin is a bore
I think they forgot the pen is mightier than the sword
One time we built our kingdoms we ain't buildin no war
So I'm done takin' niggas to school ill take them to the morgue
Any song, any record plays, you know murder them
Any time I step up on the stage you know I murder them
Anybody iller than (?) I've never heard of them
And if you say you did I suggest you send the word to them
I kill em' yeah I you know I kill 'em I kill 'em you know I kill 'em I kill 'em you know I kill 'em I kill em
You know we crushin'if you ain't got the build you got destruction and construction is the work so its nothin' to raise a ruckus
Never minded the subject set off a discussion
Because you gotta get that shit up off your chest like breast reduction
So I'm bustin' girl put me to the test
I used to school these niggas and I never gave an f
'Cause I'm (?) in the flesh got them singin' oh lord like a boom baye when you see the opposition lookin' boom baye.any song, any record plays, you know murder them
Any time I step up on the stage you know I murder them
Anybody iller than (?) I've never heard of them
And if you say you did I suggest you send the word to them
I kill em' yeah I you know I kill 'em I kill 'em you know I kill 'em I kill 'em you know I kill 'em I kill em
Sit and listen to the "i" to the "l" to the LMC
Influential colored man on your color TV
I'm the one that they see spittin' all they're favorite raps
Mr
Ferrell nigga stranger than fiction but I am fact
And they react like it's a problem only 'cause I'm awesome so these rappers got to give it up like they were (?
Hackers came to stop it ran the borders like an ostrich
Now we fly but we are mindless
Runnin' on autopilot.we ridin' like a (?) sayin' nothin' like silencer we used to get 'em high like narcotics by droppin' (?
We just override it talkin' bout our clothes and vehicles
Drop a garbage (?) and then post it on the BCU
That's it gangster please keep cool cat moonwalk and (?) shoes
Can't pop lock with an IV too.to the ill niggas her I see you
To be true that's what we do
Don't disrespect the name if you do better with that boom baye
Kill that noise
Any song, any record plays, you know murder them
Any time I step up on the stage you know I murder them
Anybody iller than (?) I've never heard of them
And if you say you did I suggest you send the word to them
I kill em' yeah I you know I kill 'em I kill 'em you know I kill 'em I kill 'em you know I kill 'em I kill em''''''''''''''''
