Kay.Tunes
(Intro) He told me I could leave or live with it, I think I gotta go,..I think I gotta Runaway...

Pre-Hook
And I always find, and I always find something wrong.
See I been putting up with you *ish* for way to long,
And I know your begging me not to leave,
But I can't stay so I Runaway...

I know your still chasing females, so that still mean you wanna "PLAY".
Why say you tryna settle down, I think you need to watch just what you say...
And I ain't even tryna be rude,
But homie I'm Muh (Bleepn) Kay.Tunes,
And if you thinking you dat dude. Well homie be dat dude by yourself.

(Pre-Hook)
'Cause I always find, and I always find something wrong. And I been putting up with this *ish* for way to long.
So there's no need in me crying another day "Another Day"..
You out of time so watch me Runaway...

Runaway from you baby,
I gotta Runaway,
Runaway from you baby,
Gotta Runaway,
Gotta Runaway baby, before you make me go crazy, Runaway, Runaway as fast as I can...

("Kanye Verse")
See, I always find
And I always find
Yeah, I always find somethin' wrong
You been puttin' up with my shit just way too long

I'm so gifted at findin' what I don't like the most
So I think it's time for us to have a toast

Let's have a toast for the douchebags,
Let's have a toast for the assholes,
Let's have a toast for the scumbags,
Every one of them that I know
Let's have a toast to the jerkoffs
That'll never take work off
Baby, I got a plan
Run away fast as you can

(Pusha T Verse)
24/7, 365, pussey stays on my mind
I-I-I-I did it, all right, all right, I admit it
Now pick your best move, you could leave or live wit' it
Ichabod Crane with that Lamborghini top off
Split and go where? Back to wearin' knockoffs, huh?
Knock it off, Neiman's, shop it off
Let's talk over mai tais, waitress, top it off
(Inaudible) Wanna fly in your Freddy loafers
You can't blame 'em, they ain't never seen Versace sofas
Every bag, every blouse, every bracelet
Comes with a price tag, baby, face it
You should leave if you can't accept the basics
Plenty whoes in the baller-nigga's matrix
Invisibly set, the Rolex is faceless
I'm just young, rich, but your tasteless
P!''''''''''''''''
