I don't need no dreams when I'm by your side
Every moment takes me to paradise

Darlin', let me hold you
Warm you in my arms and melt your fears away
Show you all the magic that a perfect love can make
I need you night and day

So baby, be mine (Baby, you gotta be mine)
And girl, I'll give you all I got to give
So baby, be my girl (All the time)
And we can share this ecstasy, as long as we believe in love

I won't give you reason to change your mind
(I can't sit still, you thrill me - baby, be mine)
You are all the future that I desire

Girl, I need to hold you
Share my feelings in the heat of love's embrace
Show you all the passion burning in my heart today
It's never gonna fade

So baby, be mine (Baby, you gotta be mine) Ooh!
And girl, I'll give you all I got to give
So baby, be my girl, (All the time)
You're everything this world could be, the reason that I live, oh!

Won't you stay with me until the mornin' sun?
I promise you now that the dawn will be different
Lady, can't you see that heaven's just begun?
It's livin' here inside our hearts

There'll be no more mountains for us to climb
(I can't be still, you thrill me - baby, be mine)
This will be a love lasting for all time

Girl, you got to hold me
We can touch the sky and light the darkest day
Hold me - only you and I can make sweet love this way
There's no more I can say

So baby, be mine (Baby, you gotta be mine) Ooh!
(Girl, be mine - Tell me that you love me)
And girl, I'll give you all I got to give
(All the time, say you're thinking of me)
So baby, be mine (All the time)
(Girl, be mine - show me how it should be)
You're everything this world could be, the reason that I live
(Hold me tight every night, it's all right)

So baby, be my girl (Girl, be mine - Tell me that you love me)
And girl, I'll give you all I got to give (All the time, say you're thinking of me)
So baby, be mine, baby, be mine (Girl, be mine - show me how it should be)
You're everything this world could be to me (Hold me tight every night, it's all right)

Come on, girl... come on, girl (Girl, be mine - Tell me that you love me)
Ooh! (All the time, say you're thinking of me)
So baby, be mine (Girl, be mine - show me how it should be)
You're everything this world could be to me (Hold me tight every night, it's all right)

Come on, girl... come on, girl (Girl, be mine - Tell me that you love me)
Baby, be mine... ooh! (All the time, say you're thinking of me)
So baby, be my girl (Girl, be mine - show me how it should be)''''''''''''''''''
